Add a custom hook for dev_path changes (#46529)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/environments.rst

environment. This package will have a special variant ``dev_path``
set, and Spack will ensure the package and its dependents are rebuilt
any time the environment is installed if the package's local source
code has been modified. Spack's native implementation to check for modifications
is to check if ``mtime`` is newer than the installation.

> A custom check can be created by defining a ``detect_dev_src_change`` attribute 
> in your package class. This is particularly useful for projects using custom spack repo's 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom check can be created by overriding the ``detect_dev_src_change`` method 
in your package class. This is particularly useful for projects using custom spack repo's 
```
